for the 10th time since the war on Gaza
began US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin touched down in Israel his
latest visit aimed at applying pressure
on Israeli officials to agree to a
ceasefire deal blink's day began with a
meeting with Israel's president Isaac
Herzog in which he said this could be
the last chance for a deal this is a
decisive moment um probably the best
Maybe the last opportunity to get the
hostages home to get a ceasefire and to
put everyone on a better path to
enduring peace and security and for
nearly three hours blinkin sat down with
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a
meeting the premier described as
positive in a statement from his office
Netanyahu says he reiterated Israel's
commitment to the current American
proposal on the table which he says
takes Israel's security needs into
account blinkin then met with the
country's defense minister yav Galant
stressing the importance of diminishing
the chance of further escalation in the
region that could impede efforts to
secure a
deal before he left Israel to travel to
Cairo and Qatar on the next leg of his
shuttle diplomacy blinkin revealed that
Israel's government has accepted what
the Americans are describing as a
bridging proposal put forward by
mediator
last week in a very constructive meeting
with prime minister Netanyahu today uh
he confirmed to me that Israel accepts
the bridging proposal uh that he
supports it but in Gaza Palestinians
have been casting doubt on any American
efforts to encourage Israel to agree to
a ceasefire as the Army continues its
attacks
hey there's no Hope from America nor
from Israel Evasion for 10 months
American pressure without any results we
are used to the evasion from America and
Israel evasion that's led to more than
10 months of war and killed more than
40,000
Palestinians the US Secretary of State
is now calling on Hamas to also accept
the latest proposal to secure a
ceasefire deal but the Palestinian group
has already said the current framework
includes new Israeli conditions and is
not in line with the original proposal
outlined by US President Joe Biden back
in May Hamas salut Al jazer
amen make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer